Arduino uses a variant of the C programming language. What differences and similarites have you noticed? Provide at least 3 and explain
in complete sentences.
1. It has the same data types. Arrays, ints, and while. It calls them the same thing and uses them in pretty much the same ways.
2. It has loops. They seem to be like while true loops, although C also has while true. Perhaps loop is something C has that Java doesn't.
3. For the most part, they are structered the same. The syntax seems almost identical to Java


What code adaptations have you made? [Or will you make if none to date. Note: 'none' is not a valid answer]
I have changed the LED code to make a cycling series of LED lights. It looked really cool, and similar to the one later on.


What is required for a circuit?
A power source, a conductor to transfer the energy between the objects, and a resistor/object to keep it from moving too fast and ruining the circuit.


How are programs compiled with Arduino?
They are compiled through sketches, by pressing the IDE compile button which saves it to the arduino's memory.


Describe the projects you have completed this/last week and what you have learned from them. Descriptions should be _at least_ one full paragraph
in length.
My partner and I have worked through circuit 11 in the instructions booklet. The first one was a simple LED that we made turn on and off, the second
was an LED with a potentiometer that controlled how fast the LED blinked, the third was an RGB LED that cycled colors, the fourth was multiple
LEDs that lit up in a row, the fifth was using buttons to accept user input to decide when the LED would be lit, the sixth was a photo resistor that
lit an LED when certian lighting conditions were met, the seventh was a temperature sensor that gave output for the temperature it detected,
eighth was a servo that spun in certain speeds in certain directions, the ninth was a servo that accepted input through a flex sensor, the tenth
was a soft potentiometer that you pressed in different places to change the color of an RGB LED, the eleventh was a buzzer that played sounds. 


You will be completing your own project - a project of your own design that accepts user input and provides light and sound in some way.
Describe your project and the code adaptations you will have to make. [Note - 'none' is not a valid answer. For example, there is a 'Simon'
game provided - using that code would earn a '0' because it is 0% your code.]
We will use the display to have a moving "cursor" and you have to click the button when the cursor is in the middle. As it goes, the cursor moves
back and forth faster, all of this with encouraging or not-so-encouiraging sound effects.
